fix(learn): rework Rosetta Code Harshad or Niven series (#41554)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/rosetta-code/harshad-or-niven-series.md

The Harshad or Niven numbers are positive integers ≥ 1 that are divisible by the sum of their digits.

For example, `42` is a Harshad number as `42` is divisible by `(4 + 2)` without remainder.

Assume that the series is defined as the numbers in increasing order.

# --instructions--

Implement a function to generate successive members of the Harshad sequence.

> Use it to return list with ten members of the sequence, starting with first Harshad number greater than `n`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use it to return an array with ten members of the sequence, starting with first Harshad number greater than `n`.
```
